Update release notes for 1.5.4 (#1499)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

Unreleased
==========

1.5.4
=====
* Added a separate Settings button to open preferences #1477

> * Fixed issue opening in terminal paths with backslashes #1475

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed opening of paths with backslashes  in terminal apps #1475
```
